fix: update "General" docs (#893)
iresty/iresty.github.io: website/docs/general/blog-contributing-guide.md

- keywords 3
- keywords 4
- keywords 5
description: Description of the post
tags: [tag1,tag2,...,tagn]
```

##### Co-author template

> Translating and editing articles consume time and effort and deserves credit. For this, you can use the co-author template to add multiple authors to the blog post.

Reviewer: What do you think of combining it with the last section itself, it kind of looks repeated?

Author: I think we can keep them separate for now. With the doc revamping in the pipeline, we can decide how best to structure it.

- keywords 3
- keywords 4
- keywords 5
description: Description of the post
tags: [tag1,tag2,...,tagn]
```

Each of these fields are described in detail below.

##### authors

> Use this field when the blog is co-authored by two or more people to give credit to both the authors. `authors` field is composed of the following fields.

Reviewer: It would be good to add the required field instruction here too.

- `authors.name`: authors' names in plain text, for example: `name: "John Doe"`.
- `authors.title`: author's title in plain text, for example: `title: "Technical Writer"`.
- `authors.url`: authors' GitHub page, for example: `url: "https://github.com/yzeng25"`.
- `authors.image_url`: author's GitHub avatar, for example: `authors.image_url: "https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/36651058?v=4"`.

##### keywords

This is a required field used to enhance SEO performance.

Usually the first three keywords are "APISIX", "Apache APISIX" and "API Gateway", and the last two are specific to the blog post.

##### description

This is also a required field used to enhance SEO performance.

A brief summary of the blog post would be a good description. A good rule of thumb is to keep the number of characters in the description between 150 and 170.

##### tags

This is a required filed used to categorize the blog post.

Each post can have multiple tags. The tags used currently are given below and each post usually fits into one or more of these tags.

> Each post can have more than one tag. The available tags and explanations are as follows. If none of the tags below fits, please leave a comment in your pull request, and we will handle it together. Please note that these tags and rules of applying tags could change over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each post can have more than one tag. The available tags and explanations are as follows. If none of the tags below fits, please leave a comment in your pull request, and we will handle it together. Please note that these tags and the rules of applying tags could change over time.
```

> - **Community**: Everything related to community, for example, "How to contribute to an open source project without writing code?".
> - **Events**: Related to events, for example, live streams, event previews, meetups and project meetings.
> - **Interview**: For example, Dr. Yang Li interview, Summer of Programming interview.
> - **Practical Case**: Includes best practices to follow. This is easily confused with **Technology**. The content of the article determines which tag the post belongs to. For example, "Running Apache APISIX on xxx platform" would belong to the Practical Case tag and "Apache APISIX vs Envoy" would belong to the Technology tag.
> - **Release**: Tag for release notes. Note that the release notes in blog posts are polished where as inline release notes are written by developers.
> - **Security**: Security vulnerability notifications and methods to bypass security vulnerabilities. Currently there are [five articles](/blog/tags/security/), and they generally have CVE-xxxxxxx in its title.
> - **Technology**: Technical articles. Should not be confused with **Practical Case** (see above).
> - **User Case**: Posts about using Apache APISIX. Tell us how you are using Apache APISIX!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Community**: Everything related to community, for example, "How to contribute to an open-source project without writing code?".
- **Events**: Related to events, for example, live streams, event previews, meetups, and project meetings.
- **Interview**: For example, Dr. Yang Li interview, Summer of Programming interview.
- **Practical Case**: Includes best practices to follow. This is easily confused with **Technology**. The content of the article determines which tag the post belongs to. For example, "Running Apache APISIX on the xxx platform" would belong to the Practical Case tag, and "Apache APISIX vs Envoy" would belong to the Technology tag.
- **Release**: Tag for release notes. Note that the release notes in blog posts are polished whereas inline release notes are written by developers.
- **Security**: Security vulnerability notifications and methods to bypass security vulnerabilities. Currently there are [five articles](/blog/tags/security/), and they generally have CVE-xxxxxxx in its title.
- **Technology**: Technical articles. Should not be confused with **Practical Case** (see above).
- **User Case**: Posts about using Apache APISIX. Tell us how you are using Apache APISIX!
```

Author: I think open source would be more consistent than open-source. People are using open source without the hyphen now. So, it may not need to be changed (?)

Reviewer 2: Yeah open source is more often used.

Reviewers will help you find the right tags while reviewing your PR.

> ##### Obtaining authors.image_url

Reviewer: I can't say if this is a better way of getting a GitHub avatar but it would be worth telling. 
Go to your GitHub profile page and add `.png` to the URL e.g. `https://github.com/username.png`, press enter, and voila you got your avatar URL.

Author: This sounds easier and is much better.

Author: This would mean changing the screenshot and this would be a concern: https://github.com/apache/apisix-website/pull/893/files/4905320f344a2d0efe81abdbbb1aaf1b9fd351ea#r813531766

1. Open your browser.
2. Enter the url to author's GitHub page (https://github.com/author-username).
3. Right click on the author's avatar, and click "copy image address".
4. Paste image address to the `authors.image_url` field.

> ![How to get the authors.image_url](https://static.apiseven.com/202108/1638257037354-10fc1d17-c0f7-4826-84c9-5966b1ae43ad.png)

Reviewer: It would be nice to change the example screenshot to something general. Maybe this work https://github.com/octocat. Or may not need it at all if we change it to the above method.

Author: Do I need access to host images on the CDN? I can easily record a GIF and add it here if it would be better.

- **Security**: Security vulnerability notifications and methods to bypass security vulnerabilities. Currently there are [five articles](/blog/tags/security/), and they generally have CVE-xxxxxxx in its title.
- **Technology**: Technical articles. Should not be confused with **Practical Case** (see above).
- **User Case**: Posts about using Apache APISIX. Tell us how you are using Apache APISIX!

1. Open Chrome or your preferred browser.
2. Enter the author's GitHub address to access the author's GitHub home page.
Reviewers will help you find the right tags while reviewing your PR.
##### Obtaining authors.image_url

1. Open your browser.
2. Enter the url to author's GitHub page (https://github.com/author-username).
3. Right click on the author's avatar, and click "copy image address".
4. Paste image address to the authors.image_url field.
4. Paste image address to the `authors.image_url` field.

![How to get the authors.image_url](https://static.apiseven.com/202108/1638257037354-10fc1d17-c0f7-4826-84c9-5966b1ae43ad.png)

#### truncate and overview
#### Truncate and summary

```markdown

> > overview

Reviewer: I guess this was covered in #888, right?

Author: Yes. We have everything in the contributing guides and internal links pointing to it in this page.
